TAHCHIN-E MORGH
 – SAFFRON RICE CAKE WITH CHICKEN:
 1.To cook the chicken: Add the skinless chicken pieces to a stockpot with a good lid that will not allow too much moisture loss. 
   Add salt, pepper, the cut onion and 1 ½ cups water. Bring it to a boil, then reduce the heat to medium low and cook for about 1 ½ hours,
   or until the chicken falls apart very easily with a fork.
   2.Remove the chicken from the stockpot and set aside to cool.
   If there is more than 1 cup of broth in the stockpot, bring it to a boil and let it boil for 3-5 minutes, or until it is reduced to 1 cup.
   Turn off the heat. Pour the reduced broth into a medium bowl, smash the cooked onions with a fork and set aside.
   3.When the chicken is cool enough to handle,
   take all the meat off the bone in large chunks. Mix the meat with broth until it is well coated. Chill the meat and broth mixture in the refrigerator for at
   least 30-40 minutes, or until the broth solidifies. This step may be done up to 3-4 hours in advance.To make the rice; Follow my previous blog post Persian
   Steamed Rice using 4 cups of basmati rice up to point where the rice is partially cooked, added to colander and rinsed under cold water and drained completely. Set aside.
   4.To make the Tahchin: Place the oven rack at the lowest setting. Preheat oven to 400 F.In a medium bowl whisk together 1 egg, 1 cup yogurt, 
   1 tablespoon vegetable oil and the optional saffron. Stir in 2 cups of the par cooked rice with a rubber spatula and mix until all the rice is coated. 
   Set aside
   5.To make the Tahchin: Place the oven rack at the lowest setting. Preheat oven to 400 F.In a medium bowl whisk together 1 egg, 1 cup yogurt,
    1 tablespoon vegetable oil and the optional saffron. Stir in 2 cups of the par cooked rice with a rubber spatula and mix until all the rice is coated. 
    Set aside
   6.First layer: Add the rice and yogurt mixture to the baking dish and spread evenly to cover the bottom of the dish.
   7.Second layer: Spread half of the remaining rice evenly on top of the yogurt mixture and sprinkle the rice layer with ½ teaspoon Persian Rice Spice.8.Third layer: 
    Stir the chilled chicken and broth well and arrange evenly on top to cover all of the rice layer.
   9.Fourth layer: Add the rest of the rice on top of the chicken,
    press gently with the palm of your hand. Sprinkle with ½ tsp Persian Rice Spice.Arrange the cold butter cubes on the rice layer with equal distance from each other.
   10.Remove the baking dish from the oven, remove the aluminum foil. Run a knife along the sides of the baking dish to release the Tahchin.¨
    Place a large rectangular platter or a shallow baking sheet on top of the dish. Use mittens and hold both platter and the glass dish and invert the Tahchin.
    Let the Tahchin sit on the counter for 10 minutes.